Fix Parameter Loading Bug for conflicted names (#41380)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.17.0/Framework/Fit_Functions/Bugfixes/41380.rst

> - Defined fitting parameters in ``Parameters.xml`` files no longer erroneously overwrite if they have the same name but for different functions e.g. ``Bk2BkExpConvPV:Gamma`` and ``IkedaCarpenterPV:Gamma``.

Reviewer: It would be good to link to some of the relevant documentation here:
```suggestion
- Defined fitting parameters in an :ref:`InstrumentParameterFile` no longer erroneously overwrite if they have the same name but for different functions e.g. ``Bk2BkExpConvPV:Gamma`` and ``IkedaCarpenterPV:Gamma``.
```
